fix: vendorId is a String in sentry-java (#1813)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - The gpu.vendorId is now properly passed as a String to sentry-java ([#1813](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1813))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK no longer passes a mangled `gpu.vendorId` to the Android native layer ([#1813](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1813))
```
